Image syncer sign (#4003)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/image-syncer/README.md

4. Check if image exists in target.
5. If image does not exist, re-tag image and push to target registry.  
If image exists: compare IDs. If they are different, synchronization is interrupted. It means that something is wrong and the source image was changed (this should not happen).
6. If the image signing is enabled, verify if the image matches with the given KMS key. If the signature does not exist, sign the image and push the signature to the target repository. If the signature is not valid with the provided KMS key, synchronisation is interrupted.

These steps guarantee that images in our registry are immutable and verified.

## Usage

To run image-syncer, use:
```bash
go run main.go \ 
    --images-file={PATH_TO_A_YAML_FILE_CONTAINING_SYNC_DEFINITION} \
    --target-repo-auth-key={PATH_TO_A_JSON_KEY_FILE} \
    --dry-run=true \
    --kms-key=gcpkms://path/to/key
```

### Image signing

image-syncer supports safe image signing using [cosign](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign).

> However, it supports only the signing using KMS providers supported by sigstore package, although only GCP KMS was tested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It supports only the signing that uses KMS providers supported by the sigstore package. For more information, refer to the [KMS documentation](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign/blob/main/KMS.md) in the `cosign` repository.
```

Reviewer: `although only GCP KMS was tested` -> I'd remove that and I'd link to the external documentation instead. This will make us immune to changes on their side 😉

> For this functionality to be working the application must have `--key-ref` flag set to path to the KMS resource with appropriate prefix, eg. `gcpkms://path/to/key`, for GCP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this functionality to work, the application must have the `--key-ref` flag set to the path to the KMS resource. The resource must have the appropriate prefix, for example: `gcpkms://path/to/key` for GCP.
```

> For more information refer to the KMS documentation in [cosign repository](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign/blob/main/KMS.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: Moved above

> image-syncer also supports fine-grained control on which images to sign. Local `sign` option always has higher priority than global `sign` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image-syncer also supports fine-grained control on which images to sign. The local `sign` option always has a higher priority than the global `sign` option.
```

  image-syncer [flags]

Flags:

>       --debug                         enable debug mode [SYNCER_DEBUG]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --debug                         Enables the debug mode [SYNCER_DEBUG]
```

>   -d, --dry-run                       dry run mode [SYNCER_DRY_RUN] (default true)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -d, --dry-run                       Enables the dry-run mode [SYNCER_DRY_RUN] (default true)
```

>   -h, --help                          help for image-syncer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -h, --help                          Displays help for image-syncer
```

>   -i, --images-file string            yaml file containing list of images [SYNCER_IMAGES_FILE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -i, --images-file string            Displays the YAML file that contains the list of images [SYNCER_IMAGES_FILE]
```

>   -k, --kms-key string                path to KMS key resource (eg. gcpkms://...) [SYNCER_KMS_KEY]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -k, --kms-key string                Specifies the path to the KMS key resource (for example, gcpkms://...) [SYNCER_KMS_KEY]
```

>   -t, --target-repo-auth-key string   JSON key file used for authorization to target repo [SYNCER_TARGET_REPO_AUTH_KEY]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -t, --target-repo-auth-key string   Specifies the JSON key file used for authorization to the target repository [SYNCER_TARGET_REPO_AUTH_KEY]
```

| Name                           | Required | Description                                                           |
| :----------------------------- | :------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **SYNCER_IMAGES_FILE**         |    Yes   | Path to the YAML file with the sync definition, provided as a string.|
| **SYNCER_TARGET_REPO_AUTH_KEY**|    Yes   | Path to the JSON key file, provided as a string.|
| **SYNCER_DRY_RUN**             |    No    | Value controlling the `dry run` mode, provided as a boolean.|
| **SYNCER_KMS_KEY**| Yes | URI of the KMS key from the supported provider.|

> |**SYNCER_DEBUG**|No|Enable debug mode.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**SYNCER_DEBUG**|No|Variable that enables the debug mode.|
```
